https://www.statefarm.com/simple-insights/auto-and-vehicles/how-much-car-insurance-do-i-need

What other coverages should I consider?
Here are some other types of coverage that you might want to consider. Your insurance company can provide you more specific information on requirements and limits available where you live, since these coverages might be mandatory in some states.

Uninsured motorist coverage pays for damages if you or another covered person are injured in an auto accident or struck as a pedestrian caused by a driver who does not have liability insurance. In some states, it may also pay for property damage. The coverage varies by state and depends upon policy provisions. Uninsured motorist coverage is subject to a policy limit chosen by the insured.
Underinsured motorist coverage pays for damages if you or another covered person are injured in an auto accident or struck as a pedestrian caused by another driver who is considered to be underinsured as defined by the policy. It varies by state and depends upon policy provisions. Underinsured motorist coverage is subject to policy limits chosen by the insured.
Personal injury protection (PIP) pays your — or another covered party’s — reasonable and necessary medical expenses for treatment resulting from an auto accident or being struck as a pedestrian. It may also pay for rehabilitation, lost earnings, replacement of services, and funeral expenses. The coverage varies by state and specific policy.
Medical payments coverage is available in many states. It pays for necessary medical and funeral expenses for those covered when the expenses are caused by an auto accident or being struck as a pedestrian. Medical payments coverage varies by state and specific policy.
Roadside assistance pays for covered services when your vehicle is disabled. These services could include towing, locksmith, jumpstart and tire changes.
There are also some coverages that are optional and might be useful like rental car or ridesharing. At any time, if you have questions about what your vehicle coverage should be or what affects car insurance premiums, you can contact an agent or get an auto insurance quote online.