https://www.statefarm.com/simple-insights/auto-and-vehicles/how-much-car-insurance-do-i-need

How much car insurance do I need?
Learn about coverage limits, collision and comprehensive, deductibles and other important terms to help decide on how much is right for you and how you can save.

When you are getting a vehicle, it’s common to consider what the recommended auto insurance coverages are. After all, required coverage varies from state to state and sometimes there are state minimums which are typically very low. Unfortunately, there's no black and white answer. It depends a lot on what coverages you need and the amount of deductible you feel comfortable with. The State Farm® Personal Price Plan® helps you create an affordable price (just for you).1

Here's a helpful breakdown to use while looking to purchase auto insurance:

How much liability insurance do I need?
Liability insurance covers expenses when you’re at fault in a crash. The coverages extend to the other vehicle(s) and people who sustain damages in the crash, as a result of your negligence. Most states require you to carry a minimum amount of liability coverage on your vehicle.

No one can predict exactly how much you'd have to pay if you cause a crash. But the key question to ask is: Can you afford to cover any damages exceeding your coverage limits? The higher your liability coverage limits, the more damages your policy might cover.

To get an idea of how much liability coverage you might need, add up the value of your home, cars, savings and investments. Then subtract your debts (what you owe). For example, if the total "net worth" was $220,000, you could consider $250,000 liability for injuries per accident. If you feel you need additional coverage, you can increase it typically in $50,000 increments up to $500,000. If you feel you need coverage beyond that, consider an umbrella policy.

Keep in mind that liability insurance is usually shown as a series of 3 numbers, for example 100/300/100. Each number in this series represents a dollar amount — read in thousands — of coverage in different categories.

100: The first number represents the maximum amount of coverage for each individual bodily injury claim. In this example, up to $100,000 is available for each injured person.
300: The second number represents the maximum amount of liability insurance coverage for bodily injury claims for the entire accident. In this case, up to $300,000 is available for all injured persons. It is worth noting that, even though the policy may have $300,000 in total coverage, the insured could have personal exposure beyond their policy limits if the damages of any one individual exceeds $100,000.
100: The third and final number represents the maximum amount of property damage liability coverage. In this example, there is $100,000 available to pay for property damage for which an insured is liable.