https://www.statefarm.com/simple-insights/auto-and-vehicles/bundle-insurance
Why should I consider bundling my policies?
That’s a two-word answer: simplicity and savings. Let’s say you have auto insurance and homeowners insurance from two different companies. This means you’re dealing with two different agents. Paying two different bills – probably at two different times. And chances are, you’re paying more than you should.

Bundling is a way to simplify that picture, bringing all your coverages together in one place to save you time, effort and money. Bundling insurance is a step many insurance companies advise their customers to take, for a lot of very good reasons.

For example, if you decide to bundle home and auto insurance, you’ll get the coverage and service you want, plus other advantages you may not be enjoying now.

If many insurance companies recommend bundling insurance policies, it will come as no surprise that we recommend you choose to bundle with State Farm®.

But keep in mind that bundling is just one factor in your savings equation. Ask yourself, “How much coverage do I really need?” This will determine the coverage options you select. For example, here are just a few we offer for our auto insurance:

Collision insurance - In case your vehicle hits an object, another vehicle or overturns in an accident.

Comprehensive insurance - In case your vehicle is stolen or damaged by something other than a collision.

Emergency roadside service - This option pays for reasonable expenses to get your covered vehicle back in service.

Of course, there’s a range of options available for our home, renters, condo, and life insurance policies as well. Then there’s the question of setting your coverage limits and deductibles. When you’re bundling, these factors all impact what you save. Fortunately, your State Farm agent specializes in helping you select the options, limits and deductibles that best meet your needs. And in the end, you’ll have your own Personal Price Plan™footnote2, giving you every advantage mentioned above, plus some others only State Farm can deliver.

For example, bundling home and auto means an average savings of $1,273 a yearfootnote3 (around $106 a month). Discounts like Drive Safe & Save™ could save you even more – up to 30%footnote4.

Then again, State Farm insurance agents specialize in personal service, getting to know you and your situation so they can understand your needs. And of course, you’ll have the nation’s largest claims service in your corner.

Finally, after bundling insurance policies, you’ll be able to view them all in one place by simply logging in to your online account or downloading our mobile app.

Can home and auto insurance be bundled?
As the name implies, bundling involves the purchase of at least two different policies. Since every state (except New Hampshire) requires drivers to purchase auto insurance, that will most likely be the first policy in your bundle. From there, it just depends on what other coverage you need.