https://www.statefarm.com/customer-care/faqs/auto-insurance
Have auto insurance questions? We've got answers.
Here you'll find answers to general auto insurance questions.

Do I have to pay for an online quote?
No. The quote is free.

The quote provides an estimate based on the information you provide and contains descriptions of available coverages. It is not a statement of contract. All coverages are subject to policy provisions and applicable endorsements. Coverages, availability, and minimum coverage limits vary by state. Contact a State Farm® agent for further details.

Do I have to buy auto insurance from State Farm® if I get a quote online?
No. Obtaining an insurance quote is free and does not commit you to any purchases or policies.

What if I have more than four vehicles or four drivers in my household?
If you need a quote or coverage and have more than four vehicles or four drivers, contact a State Farm agent.

What if I have a vehicle that's not listed in the Vehicle Type section?
Please contact a State Farm agent if you're trying to insure a classic automobile or any atypical vehicle-type (e.g., motorcycle, snowmobile, camper, ATV, etc.).

What is the difference between sending my quote and purchasing with an agent?
You may send your quote to an agent anytime during the quote process. If you haven't completed the online form, an agent will contact you to complete the process.

If you received a quote online, you can still purchase with an agent. The agent will contact you to gather any additional information.

How can I pay for my insurance if I decide to purchase it online today?
State Farm accepts VISA®, MasterCard®, American Express®, Discover®, Diners Club®, and JCB® credit and debit cards.

Can I pay by phone or mail instead of online?
Yes. State Farm has ways to ensure the security of your payment information, but if you're uncomfortable making an online payment, you can forward your application to a State Farm agent. They will contact you about payment arrangements. The coverage effective date will depend on the new payment arrangements made with the agent.

For additional questions, contact an agent or see our Privacy Policy.

Can I use my check card or debit card?
If your check card or debit card has a VISA®, MasterCard®, American Express®, Discover®, Diners Club®, or JCB® logo on it, we'll accept it.

When does my coverage start?
Your coverage begins once you receive valid proof of insurance. You can access your proof of insurance online.

Is the receipt the same thing as proof of insurance?
No. The confirmation page is your receipt. After we receive your payment, you're redirected to a new page which includes your proof of insurance. You will also receive an email containing your State Farm confirmation number, policy number, and proof of insurance.

Note: If you chose a future date for your policy to begin, your proof of insurance will not be valid until that date.

I changed my mind about purchasing this insurance. What should I do?
You can save your quote to continue at a later time. When you save your quote you will receive an email containing a link to the application process.

If you've received a State Farm reference number, your application has already been submitted. Your agent will be contacting you to discuss your policy. You can wait for your agent to call or contact them to discuss your options. If you did not receive a reference number, your application was not submitted and your payment should not be processed.

I am a current auto insurance customer, why can't I get a quote for another auto policy online?
If you're a current State Farm auto policyholder, you can get a quote by following these steps:

Log into your account.
Select your current auto policy.
Click Quote/Replace a Vehicle.
The request will be forwarded to your agent for processing.

Where do I find information about Drive Safe & Save™?
You can click on the Drive Safe & Save link or search "Drive Safe & Save" in the search field.

Where do I find information about Steer Clear® ?
You can click on the Steer Clear link or search "Steer Clear" in the search field.

Is my payment information secure on your website?
At State Farm, we take your concerns about online security very seriously so you can pay without worry. We employ industry-standard controls for protecting customer data and keeping the server environment stable.