https://www.statefarm.com/customer-care/faqs/drive-safe-save

**What type of driving feedback is gathered?**
Your discount is based on your annual mileage and driving characteristics. The more you're on the road, the more likely an accident could occur, so HOW you drive those miles is just as important as how many miles you drive. To help maximize your discount opportunity, concentrate on smooth and consistent driving.

Note: Mileage and odometer readings are excluded from the Drive Safe & Save discount on certain policies in certain states.

After each trip, the Drive Safe & Save app shows you a map of your route and driving events along the way. While not everything the app shows you impacts your discount, they all contribute toward you being the safest driver you can be.

Acceleration – Starting fast off the line? The app will show you where you might have accelerated faster than is generally considered safe. Quick acceleration can make cars more difficult to control.
Braking – The app will show you if you've made any fast, hard stops. We understand there are times you need to stop quickly to avoid a collision. However, making frequent fast stops is indicative of driving too fast and following too closely. Maintain a safe speed and distance to avoid collisions. Keep an eye on your braking scores to help see if this has become a habit for you.
Cornering – You'll see along your route if you make any quick, sharp turns. These indicate you may have not allowed yourself proper time and clearance for the turn. For example, quickly turning left in front of oncoming traffic at an intersection.
Phone Distraction – Distracted driving is a serious problem, and one of the highest predictors of accidents. It's important to keep your hands on the wheel and your eyes on the road. Phone distraction will appear in the app when these three things happen at the same time:
The vehicle is moving,
The phone recording the trip is moving within the vehicle, and
The phone screen is on.
Speed – The app shows you when you've exceeded the speed limit by 8 miles per hour or more. We think it's important for you to understand when this happens – and how it may impact other driving characteristics, like acceleration, braking, and cornering.